Hi.
Before you start in the course let me guide you how to follow this course.
See this courses for beginners who are pursuing C++ as their part of academics and also useful for those
who are going to attend job interviews and even if you are a professional programmer and you want to
use C++ in your application development the course is definitely useful for you.
So if you are a beginner then you will be learning right from the very basics to the advanced level
of C++ programming.
So if you are a beginner don't skip any video right.
Don't skip any video.
The beginning first two sections are covering the essential fundamentals that are required for learning
any programming language.
So if you have never done any programming you are very new to it.
Then don't skip anything and follow each and every video.
Step by step then next thing, in every video, wherever I have discussed a programs.
I have written the programs on whiteboard. After listening to the lecture.
Better you prepare some notes and also you try to write on the program by yourself on your own machine
that is in your own environment that is own IDE
And if you face any problem then you can watch our demo video next to the topic so every topic is having
a demo movie do after that and also along with the demo video.
There is an attachment of the program that is shown in the demo video. so I suggest you to practice
it by yourself first and practicing C++ programming is more important just listening to the lectures
will not help you.
The more you practice the more programs you write the more confidence you'll get and you'll get more
used to it C++ programming.
And there are some student exercises at the end of each section.
You try to complete them and for them also a demonstration video as well as a PDF file
is also available for it.
And at the end of the course there is a student project a small student project at the end of C++ scores.
I suggest you to complete that project by yourself and for that also a demonstration and the code is
given, that is PDF and for every section there is some quiz.
Try to attempt them those questions and if you have answered wrong then I suggest you to just watch the
relevant videos for once again. And at any stage.
If you face any difficulty if you have any queries if you have any questions just feel free to post
a question to me.
I will reply quickly.
I will give you an instant replay on that one and if you are having any errors while writing the programs
and all I suggest you to send a screenshot right so that I can quickly answer you so you can post a
question so that I can I should be able to understand your question and quickly answer it right so
don't hesitate.
I'm always there with you through out this course.
Alright so hope you enjoy the course and learn a lot of things in C++ in this course.